Yo you trash
Dare to come when you are about to die
Xiao Chen, I really admire you
Now the Xiao family is chasing you all over the city
How dare you appear here?
If I were you
Leave Yuncheng as soon as possible
Even leave the building
Never dare to come back
Why did Wanli Ling appear in the king?
You dogs, both men and women can show up
Why can't I come?
If Pan Lingling remembers correctly
Your family has been deported by Great Xia
You still dare to appear in front of me?
really
Xiao Chen, don't be too proud
Last time you had Mr. Murong's support
I can't help you
This time, my Wanjia has the support of the Xiao family
Master Xiao, I also invited you
Just to expose your true colors
At that time
I'd like to see how you deal with Mr. Murong
And the wrath of King Shura
I am upright
Why lie
Xiao Chen, you really pretended for too long.
Believe it yourself
You thought you were the powerful one
What about the young master of the Xiao family?
Do you really think I found Murong Lan and King Shura?
It is under the guise of the identity of the young master of the Xiao family
That's ridiculous.
Isn't it?
Otherwise, with your identity as the wife of the Xiao family
He De He Neng
Can you get the support of a lot of big people?